Returning the item to its rightful owner.
Thank you.
Ms. Ye.
Since you're already here,
why don't we have a meal together?
What a coincidence.
I have to record a show today.
After eating, let's go together.
Then I shall respectfully comply.
Cold Western-style steak.
Vegetable salad.
French-style dessert.
Thank you.
Me too.
Yes,
Please wait a moment, both of you.
Please enjoy your meal.
It seems that
Ms. Ye and I share very similar tastes.
Is that so?
It seems like Mr. Duan
often brings his girlfriend
to this restaurant for meals.
She
Guessed wrong?
So that means...
You brought Su Man here?
Mr. Duan
may I ask something a bit bold?
What is your relationship with Ms. Su Man?
Su Man and I
have been work partners for 7 years.
Like real siblings.
Real siblings?
Aren’t you afraid your wife will get jealous?
Recently, Ms. Ye
keeps mentioning my wife.
Is it because too many people said
you both look alike?
Are you interested in my wife?
Why would I be interested in a woman?
The one I’m interested in—
At the party, I didn’t offer you a drink.
Let me do that now.
Shen Yu,
Are you crazy?
Duan Xiao Jian
You can’t even recognize your own wife now?
She is Ye Ci!